[Outlook] (online meeting) Document workaround for Join button (#4576)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/online-meeting.md

Registering your online-meeting add-in is optional. It only applies if you want to surface the **Join** button in meetings, in addition to the meeting link. Once you've developed your online-meeting add-in and would like to register it, create a GitHub issue using the following guidance. We'll contact you to coordinate a registration timeline.

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> - The **Join** button is only supported in Outlook on the web, on Mac, on Android, on iOS, and in new Outlook on Windows (preview).

> > - The **Join** button relies on the technology used by entity-based contextual Outlook add-ins. As this technology will be retired in Q2 of 2024, an alternative implementation of the **Join** button is currently being developed. During the transition to this implementation, the **Join** button may not be visible when using an online meeting add-in. As a workaround, you must select the meeting link from the body of the meeting invitation to join the meeting directly. For more information on the retirement of entity-based contextual add-ins, see [Retirement of entity-based contextual Outlook add-ins](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/microsoft365dev/retirement-of-entity-based-contextual-outlook-add-ins/).

Reviewer: Can we clarify when Q2 is?

```suggestion
> - The **Join** button relies on the technology used by entity-based contextual Outlook add-ins. As this technology will be retired by the end of June 2024, an alternative implementation of the **Join** button is currently being developed. During the transition to this implementation, the **Join** button may not be visible when using an online meeting add-in. As a workaround, you must select the meeting link from the body of the meeting invitation to join the meeting directly. For more information on the retirement of entity-based contextual add-ins, see [Retirement of entity-based contextual Outlook add-ins](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/microsoft365dev/retirement-of-entity-based-contextual-outlook-add-ins/).
```
